add conanfile arg to cmd_wrapper() (#3137)
conan-io/docs: reference/extensions/command_wrapper.rst

            return 'parallel-build "{}"  --parallel-argument'.format(cmd)
        # otherwise return same command, not modified
        return cmd

The ``conanfile`` object is passed as an argument, so it is possible to customize the behavior
depending on the caller:

.. code-block:: python

    def cmd_wrapper(cmd, conanfile, **kwargs):

>         # lets paralellize only CMake invocations, for a few specific heavy packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Let's parallelize only CMake invocations, for a few specific heavy packages
```
